this story is of a time when our living
world has been destroyed completely
and survivors live in the massive
robotic cities
this robotic cities are like the
vehicles it means moving cities
here we observe a giant moving city
named london city
london city's commander thaddeus
commands his staff and asks them to
capture a small city snatching its
resources and meal
and here we see the london city in
pursuit of the small city
a girl is also in the small moving city
whose face is veiled
that small engine had a low speed
so london city was coming nearer to it
at last opening its gate london city
captures the small city
and this small engine is broken down and
thrown into a furnace
and this furnace is the power source of
london city which causes the movement of
city
small city people are also
captured london city wants to take their
labor instead of killing them
but small city people do not trust
thinking they will be killed
coming there thaddeus assures them they
will be kept as our other citizens
here we meet a character tom who is fond
of the collection of ancient things
and he is also expert in history and
technology
mr valentine's daughter meets tom here
she wants to know the cause of our
world's eradication
we used to live on earth
how did these changes occur
tom tells the cause of our world's
eradication was medusa which was a
quantum weapon
this quantum weapon had destroyed the
whole world within 60 minutes
and leaving the old life the survivors
made the big engines as our london city
where we live
otherwise there are also some people who
are leading a traditional life and are
against the mortal engines
tom notices his old things
it is the same that london city attained
from small city
he is looking all things
thaddeus also reaches their appreciating
tom for his work
thaddeus asks tom you wanted to be a
pilot and also got training of it
so why have you started this research
tom tells circumstances compelled me to
forget my dream
and i had to do it
and he is also happy in his work
now we see the same masked girl
she moves to thaddeus taking knife to
kill him
glimpsing her tom tries to stop but is
unsuccessful
and that masked girl stabs thaddeus
saying it was the event of my mother
hester shaw
hearing name thaddeus and stress looks
of that girl
this girl's name is hester shah who
again attempts to kill thaddeus
meanwhile tom stops that girl reaching
there but pushing tom that girl begins
to run
tom and thaddeus pursue that girl
while running that girl is slipped and
nearly to fall at a place
but tom quickly catches her hand coming
there and saves her from fall
and this girl tells to tom thaddeus is
not as such as he seems but a cruel
person
he has murdered my mother saying that
she parts her hand and falls into that
big well we're all trash drains outside
it means rubbish of this furnace waste
from this engine
and this girl also escapes from there
at the same thaddeus also reaches there
worried tom tells to thaddeus about the
conversation of that girl
she was calling you killer
hearing it daddy has pushed down tom
into the same steepy well
and tom is also expelled out from while
revolving
meanwhile thaddeus's daughters comes
here asking tom from her father
and thaddeus dramatized that tom and
that alien girl fell into the well while
fighting each other
i regret because he was a good boy
it is clear thaddeus dramatized the
situation telling a lie
at the same time this girl catches the
sight of tom's frightened friend
suspecting him as he is a witness
in next scene thaddeus sends a jet to
confirm either tom and that girl are
alive or dead
but that jet cannot find anything
because they are hidden on mountains
peak
hester threatens tom showing her knife
and says i could kill thaddeus if you
had not stopped me
hester is nearly to leave but tom stops
asking her help
he says i have spent my whole life in
london city and returning back i want to
reveal his secret and reality before
everyone
hester agrees hearing it we see thaddeus
here who was working on a secret energy
project
and he uses fusion cells for energy
source
the whole secret project was on work
secretly even thaddeus's senior officers
were also unaware about thaddeus work
no one could visit here except thaddeus
and this place was restricted with
strict security
but thaddeus had a threat of hester
thinking she may be the hindrance in the
work of his project
thaddeus co-worker doctor advises him to
meet with the prisoner who is in the
prison of sea existing in the mid of it
he is monster and beast who always takes
the name of hester shaw
he wants to kill her
thaddeus immediately goes to meet green
eyed monster
its green eyes prevail horror
thaddeus attacks on that jail and
monsters also freed who goes away to
search hester so that it may kill her
hester and tom take stale bread because
meal is not available
and taking meal they fall asleep
hester is awake in hearing the sounds of
model engines
she observes tom is asking help from
some engines
tom was unaware that cities victimized
the people capturing them
that hunter cities attack on them but a
city like centipede saves their lives
but saviors of them care much and offer
tea
on the other side lord thaddeus's
daughter thinks her father's life is in
danger so she meets the friend of tom
he is the same friend who was eyewitness
of tom and that girls fall into that
well
when thaddeus's daughter asks his help
saying you know something tom's friend
says what would you do after knowing
she says my father's life is in danger
but that friend says our lives are in
danger not your father
because he was your father who pushed
tom and fell him clearing his way
otherwise tom's friend also tells that
your father is making a secret weapon
through which he will attack on those
cities who don't live on mortal engines
like us
rather they spend their life
traditionally
and they want to break the boundaries of
them making this weapon
because according to your father those
cities have weapons fuel and meal and we
can defeat them through this weapon
knowing it thaddeus's daughter is
disappointed
we see hester and tom again they notice
that their helper do not take them to
the right direction
suspecting they open the secret door of
engine and think to jump
but hester could not jump because of her
wounded leg
she asked him to jump but tom somehow
had started to feel for hester
so he does not jump saying we will live
together
now their helpers bring them at a place
where a live people are bargained it
means they are sold
there is being made a bit of hester shaw
and a random person is about to buy her
at the same while the most wanted
criminal of london anna fong comes
basically anna is against the thaddeus
and london's policies so she's most
wanted
and anna fong fires here and saves the
lives of hester and tom killing everyone
meanwhile green eyes monster also
approaches there
but here we come to know that hester
shaw perceives that monster very well
but it is not revealed how
and anna fong saves both of them from
that monster hardly and moves ahead
sitting in her jet
in her jet journey anna asks hester how
does she know that monster
and why does he want to kill you
hester tells this monster who might call
shrike brought me up and care
i had no support when my mother was
killed by thaddeus
and i was found by this green monster
who fostered looked after me and fed me
but i was mostly dejected so noticing my
sadness monster promised to form me like
him
so that you may not remain in sadness
remind sad memories and promise me you
will be monster like me
so you may live long
she makes a promise with it when she
knows that thaddeus valentine is alive
and about his location
then she escapes from monster intending
to kill him
so this is the reason hester had run for
monster breaking her promise
because the promise was to be monster
like it
but she had been escaped as a result
monster wants to kill hester and fury we
again see london city which was moving
its undecided directions
when thaddeus's senior officer knows
about it he comes to meet him in church
and says how can you do it without my
will
thaddeus's senior office notices the
working of thaddeus on a secret project
it is not another thing but the medusa
project
this project caused the destruction of
our world many years ago
and thaddeus had remade this weapon
again
thaddeus kills his senior officer before
he stopped him
and thaddeus's daughter and tom's
friends were observing all these
happening
it means thaddeus reality has been
exposed before his daughter on the other
side anna fong reaches on airport
landing her airship
and she meets her companions and
introduces hester and tom to them
they know that london city is
approaching them with a high speed
it wants to attack on us
and anna fong tells thaddeus has medusa
system
he can only be stopped if this system is
crashed but no solution seems to be
found
memorizing her past hester chatels
thaddeus and her mother were good
friends
both were professional scientists but
when her mother invented the machine
which could control medusa
then seeing it thaddeus became
opportunistic and killed her mother so
that he may have that machine getting
the control power of medusa
now there was only a solution to have
crash drive in order to crash that
system
but no one knows yet where is that drive
they are all in this trouble at the same
time another troubled monster also
arrives there destroying the airport
all soldiers try to kill monster but
nothing effects on him
and this monster also catches tom
he is about to kill tom but hester
requests it saying don't kill i love him
when monster sees her sad and tears in
her eyes it leaves tom
because monster never wanted to make
hester sad to cry due to any of his deed
and now we notice the same monster is
going to be damaged
before death he gives a locket to hester
telling when you met me this locket was
around your neck
i kept it safe
it gives her that locket
and all leave airports sitting in their
airship
and that monster is dead there
and the entire airport is also destroyed
and they reach a city sarong where
people were leading the traditional life
now we again see thaddeus who announces
among his people as they will destroy
the wall of sarong
basically sarong wall was too strong and
before it no one could destroy it
but thaddeus tells we have such weapon
that any sort of war can be triumphed by
it
now destroying that wall we will capture
sarong
we will get meal fuel living place and
many other things
all people are pleased anna takes order
from her senior officer governor as we
attack on london city before the time
because if we do not attack before
thaddeus will destroy our city using
medusa
and governor allows sarong air force nd
army is ready for attack
looking at her mother given locket
hester opens it
and she looks inside it and finds the
same crash drive which can help to
destroy medusa
she informs about it tom
on the other side thaddeus attacks on
them with medusa coming near them
this attack damages the entire wall and
destroys all landed plans on that wall
and both tell about this crash drive to
anna fong
now i'll attack on the london city
getting together
on the way their many soldiers are
killed and many airships are perished
at last some people reach in london city
here anna and thaddeus's fight is being
occurred
due to this his attention is diverted
finding chance hester comes in that
church where medusa was being recharged
because he had to attack once more
and after a great struggle hester
crashes the weapon medusa fixing her
mother given usb
it means this system has set down now
on the other side anna fong is greatly
wounded
and she asks hester to run from here
but anna fong is dead in fight
coming out the church thaddeus finds his
daughter he says to her we should run
away but his daughter knew his reality
and she says to him i do not want to go
with a killer
he himself begins to leave
as he is going hester comes on his way
to avenge
but thaddeus exposes a reality saying
hester you are my daughter your mother
had intimacy with me
hester is shocked knowing it
on the other side thaddeus's daughter
goes to the control room of london city
because their mortal city was proceeding
to that wall where alive people were
present
she wants to stop it but all control
systems were damaged
she was unable to stop it
she takes the help of tom
sitting in his airship tom destroys the
power source of london city
it means the same furnace from where
london city was getting power to move
ahead
he destroys it completely
tom observes thaddeus and hester were
still fighting
tom comes to them and goes saving hester
and thaddeus falls down there
but when he observes and where he had
fallen down london is exactly coming to
his side
seeing it he closes his eyes and london
city crushes him
and thaddeus is also dead here along its
cities also stopped
the survivors of london city requests
for shelter from sarong
the governor of sarong welcomes them
while tom and hester embrace each other
afterward they go for recreation sitting
in their airship